Update copilot docs for widgets 2.0 (#53)
OpenBB-finance/openbb-docs: content/terminal/openbb-copilot.md

Reviewer: Nit: The image (with the trashcan icon) on line 82 is out of date (we no longer display the number of remaining completions count). Not critical, but just pointing it out.

Author: updated

exploring this functionality with a range of questions across different topics
to get a feel for how OpenBB Copilot works and behaves.

## Interacting with data sources using OpenBB Copilot

> For OpenBB Copilot widgets are data sources that can be used to get data relevant to answer your queries. Copilot takes the current values of widget parameters (e.g. symbol, start date, etc.) as suggestions to answer your query, but it can also change them if he deems necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For OpenBB Copilot, widgets are data sources that can be used to retrieve data relevant to answer your queries. OpenBB Copilot uses the current values of widget parameters (e.g. symbol, start date, etc.) as suggestions to answer your query, but it can also change them if required.

This allows you to treat a widget as a data that can return data for multiple tickers and inputs, rather than just the data that is currently being displayed.
```

> These data sources are used in the following priority order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Widgets have the following priority:
```

1. Widgets added to the context explicitly

> 2. Widgets in the dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Widgets in the currently-active dashboard
```

> 3. Any widget available to be added to the dashboard, including widgets from custom backends or API endpoints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Any widget available to be added to the OpenBB app, including widgets from custom backends or API endpoints (optional)
```

> To enable/disable 3. you can toggle the button highlighted in the image below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can toggle on/off global widgets (option 3) the button highlighted in the image below.
```

selected as explicitly-added context:

<div style={{display: 'flex', justifyContent: 'center'}}>
<img src="https://openbb-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/docs/copilot/ada_window_explicit_context.png" alt="query widget context openbb copilot" width="80%" height="80%" />
</div>

### Automatically use data from the dashboard

OpenBB Copilot can access information from all widgets you have added to your
currently-active dashboard. If no widgets have been explicitly added to the

> context, OpenBB Copilot will fallback to retrieve data from your
> widgets on the dashboard if they are useful to answer your query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
context, OpenBB Copilot will fallback to retrieve data from
widgets on the currently-active dashboard if they are required to answer your query.
```
